=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

Etcd3

=head1 VERSION

Version 0.001

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    Etcd v3.1.0-alpha.0 or greater is required.   To use the v3 API make sure to set environment
    variable ETCDCTL_API=3.  Precompiled binaries can be downloaded at https://github.com/coreos/etcd/releases.

    Etcd3->new({ host => 'my-etcd.com', port => 4001, user => 'etcd-user' pass => 'P@$$' });

    # put key
    $etcd->put({ key =>'foo1', value => 'bar' });

    # get single key
    $etcd->range({ key =>'test0' });

    [or]

    $etcd->get({ key =>'test0' });

    # return single key value or the first in a list.
    $etcd->value

    # get range of keys
    $etcd->range({ key =>'test0', range_end => 'test100' });

    # return array { key => value } pairs from range request.
    my @users = $etcd->all

    # watch key
    $etcd->range({ key =>'foo', range_end => 'fop' });

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Perl access to Etcd v3 API.

=head2 host

=head2 port

=head2 user

=head2 password

=head2 ssl

=head2 auth

=head2 api_prefix

base endpoint for api call, refers to api version.

=head2 headers

returns proper headers for api call.

=head2 authenticate

returns an Etcd3::Authenticate object

$etcd->new( user => 'heman', password => 'greyskull' );

=head2 range

returns a Etcd3::Range object via Type magic.

$etcd->range({ key =>'test0', range_end => 'test100', serializable => 1 })

=head2 watch

returns a Etcd3::Watch object.

$etcd->watch({ key =>'foo', range_end => 'fop' })

=head2 get

alias for range to reduce confusion v2 -> v3. This may go away in future versions.

=head2 deleterange

returns a Etcd3::Range object via Type magic.

$etcd->deleterange({ key =>'test0', range_end => 'test100', prev_key => 1 })

=head2 delete

alias for delete to reduce confusion v2 -> v3. This may go away in future versions.

=head2 put

returns a Etcd3::Put object via Type magic.

=head2 api_root

=head2 api_path

=head2 actions

outputs an AoH defining action class results

=head2 request

=head2 value

returns single decoded value or the first.

=head2 all

returns list containing for example:

  {
    'mod_revision' => '3',
    'version' => '1',
    'value' => 'bar',
    'create_revision' => '3',
    'key' => 'foo0'
  }

where key and value have been decoded for your pleasure.

=head2 configuration

Initialize configuration checks to see it etcd is installed locally.

=head1 AUTHOR

Sam Batschelet, <sbatschelet at mac.com>

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

The L<etcd> developers and community.

=head1 CAVEATS

The L<etcd> v3 API is in heavy development and can change at anytime please see
https://github.com/coreos/etcd/blob/master/Documentation/dev-guide/api_reference_v3.md
for latest details.


=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2016 Sam Batschelet (hexfusion).

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of either: the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; or the Artistic License.

See http://dev.perl.org/licenses/ for more information.

